Added info about fluentd deprecation date (#1460)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart: README.md

  exporter](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-collector-contrib/tree/main/exporter/splunkhecexporter).
  - Interested in sending logs to Splunk Cloud via OTLP for improved backpressure handling and performance? [Sign up for the preview](https://voc.splunk.com/preview/otlp) today!

> **Fluentd logs engine will be deprecated in October 2025.** While it can still be used until then, migrating to the native OTEL logs engine before this date is strongly recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Fluentd logs engine is now deprecated and will reach End Of Support in October 2025.** Migrating to the native OTEL logs engine before this date is strongly recommended.
```
